docs/src/reference.md, before:


List of APIs defined in [SimpleAiboWebAPI](https://github.com/hsugawa8651/SimpleAiboWebAPI.jl).


## Setup APIs
```@docs
getDevices
```

```@docs
getAccessToken
```

## Basic APIs

```@docs
getCurrentDevices
```

```@docs
getDefaultDevice
```

```@docs
getDefaultDeviceId
```

```@docs
getDefaultDeviceNickname
```

```@docs
findDevice
```

```@docs
setDefaultDevice
```

### Action APIs

```@docs
askActionSimple
```

```@docs
askAction
```

```@docs
getExecution
```

## Advanced APIs

- All the advanced API contain "api_name" inside.
- All the advanced API have following three optional keyword arguments, as [`askAction`](@ref) has.
  - target_deviceID
  - target_nickname
    - Above two arguments are hints to determine target device.
  - timeoutLimit


```@docs
askHungryStatus
```

```@docs
askSleepyStatus
```

```@docs
askBodyTouchedStatus
```

```@docs
askPawPadsStatus
```


```@docs
askPostureStatus
```

```@docs
askChangePosture
```

### Play related APIs

```@docs
askBitingStatus
```

```@docs
askPlayBone
```

```@docs
askPlayDice
```

```@docs
askPlayMotion
```


### Voice related APIs

```@docs
askNameCalledStatus
```


## Alphabetical Index

```@index
```

Commit message:

0.2.0: Play-related, Voice-related APIs

docs/src/reference.md, after:


List of APIs defined in [SimpleAiboWebAPI](https://github.com/hsugawa8651/SimpleAiboWebAPI.jl).


## Setup APIs
```@docs
getDevices
```

```@docs
getAccessToken
```

## Basic APIs

```@docs
getCurrentDevices
```

```@docs
getDefaultDevice
```

```@docs
getDefaultDeviceId
```

```@docs
getDefaultDeviceNickname
```

```@docs
findDevice
```

```@docs
setDefaultDevice
```

### Action APIs

```@docs
askActionSimple
```

```@docs
askAction
```

```@docs
getExecution
```

## Advanced APIs

- All the advanced API contain "api_name" inside.
- All the advanced API have following three optional keyword arguments, as [`askAction`](@ref) has.
  - target_deviceID
  - target_nickname
    - Above two arguments are hints to determine target device.
  - timeoutLimit


### Status related APIs

```@docs
askHungryStatus
```

```@docs
askSleepyStatus
```

```@docs
askBodyTouchedStatus
```

```@docs
askPawPadsStatus
```

### Posture related APIs

```@docs
askPostureStatus
```

```@docs
askChangePosture
```

### Play related APIs

```@docs
askBitingStatus
```

```@docs
askPlayBone
```

```@docs
askPlayDice
```

```@docs
askPlayMotion
```


### Voice related APIs

```@docs
askNameCalledStatus
```

```@docs
askVoiceCommandStatus
```


## Alphabetical Index

```@index
```
